recording the traffic is crazy too
voted today who came back with you today
is recording the last video of the year of
2014 is the year it's finally over I'm
recording glasses but I know it gives
reflection, but I'm completely out of
make up
there if I go without makeup is not in
bed for no event ova 2014 in the stretch
so mail
For god's sake, what was it?
It was this year 2014 how many people died
How many thanks this year, I think it was a
the year most people hated each other in
internet but the diary personally with
your family and friends so
breakdown in the case of politics and
I came here crazy
I can not say that 2014 was the year
Preferring but I decided that I'm not going
stay here and do it mzt whining because already
I did a lot this year but for the last video
of the year then do a retrospective
showing all things is not happening
I decided to show you the party that
I went and I just came from the concert hall.
with wet hair I still stayed
type 3 hours of bath to remove all
fifth step in me but I went ep rock
with a very cool
it's such a piece of music
with various inks that the
simple guys play and very cool
Check it out, how was my trip on the web?
roy my little friends for the 20th of end
year I was invited to wait for me
It was a very angry party.
and we are coming now
Pepe Hole Reached 8-Bit Young
But then everyone
the crowd is coming to the most
exciting and good, you gave me mine
new life with drugs although the blog of
6542 hour site
He gets caught up in the repression in the galp
ae
for me
hey I went away and rockets
ae
People, I'm here to talk like that.
video of the year is the video for
start thinking good for you and you
The devil - yeah, I know it 's hard to
Sometimes we see a friend talking
something that we do not agree and such
my message you have the diary - and
study more
I am taking the cimpor that this year was a
very complicated year I saw something
like this
people asking for the return of dictatorship
people saying that water because
the woman is only a matter of
opinion because I think the place of the
woman is staying at home or I think it's right
talk about rape as if it were a
Nothing to see, I would go even
jokes in your teens is not
this guy for us this is not something
To make a joke, it's not something to do.
sent a very serious thing is women
are raped all day every day
any time here in Brazil and in
world and no woman deserves to pass
so a person deserves to go through
this kind of violence then why do I
I ask you, it's the day.
before planting himself of him speaking
about woman and raise her finger speak
on black still says he talking
on homosexual finally over any
person who is always fighting for
their rights and that they do not have
right to think who knows how to study a
and pay attention to what these
people do not talk see what this person
is talking and whether it's worth listening to
What is she saying?
sometimes worth is usually worth and is a
something that we can change
so I think about projects and do the
well for people
ah
2014 was a difficult year but 2015 people
have the chance to do everything different
it's no use saying they harmonize again if
Are you still the same person?
renew yourself be a person other than
every year is the name of 2014 was a person
completely last year and this does not
makes me happy
so 2015 I'll be back a person
completely different
okay I think that's what I have to
tell you
the dem - I studied more for the easier
kindness generates kindness generates
kindness and so we just get happy
Okay, so this is what I hope you
have enjoyed this video very soon
In the year I'm going on vacation now
is on vacation
this is the last youtube video manu
it's here
will have ronaldinho will that will go
to have come, it's always coming, it's going to go
be a pleasure to see you in error can
I have not come out I listen're one
Kiss a happy 2011 15 to talk view
drink